Update installation and standalone agent content (#212)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/faq.asciidoc

== Why doesn't my enrolled agent show up in the {fleet} app?

If {agent} was successfully enrolled, but doesn't show up in the *Agents* list,
it might not be started. Make sure the `elastic-agent` process is running on
the host. If it's not running, use the <<elastic-agent-run-command,`run`>>
command to start it.

> //REVIEWERS: IS this correct? Or would you use the restart command?

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Verify that this is correct. Or would you use the restart command?
```

[[i-rebooted-my-host]]
== How do I restart {agent} after rebooting my host?

> //REVIEWERS: I wasn't sure how to test this section because I can't seem to kill
> //elastic-agent. If I kill the process, it just starts up again. Is that
> //expected behavior? Are the details here correct?

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Verify that this works (it didn't work for me on macOS)
```
